

NiKom is a KOM-system, that is mainly controlled by feeding it different
commands. These commands are made up of either one or two words. To get
a list of all commands, type 'LIST COMMANDS' at the prompt.

All commands can be shortened to their shortest unique part. Instead of
typing 'LIST COMMANDS' you can just type 'LI COM'. If what you're typing
is matching more than one command, a list of possible commands will be
shown.



All discussions are done in forums. There are many different forums for
various subjects. To get a list of all forums type 'LIST FORUMS' at the
prompt. Some forums have a star in front of them. This means that you are
not a member of that forum. You can only read and write texts in forums 
you are a member of. Most of the forums are open for everyone. A few are
"closed" forums and are only available for certain users, those forums have
the text (closed) after their name. To become a member of a forum, simply 
type 'MEMBER <FORUM>' at the prompt. All forum names can also be shortened,
so instead of typing 'Open Forum' you can just type 'Op Fo'.
To leave a forum, type 'LEAVE <FORUM>'.

When you have become a member of a forum with unread texts, the prompt will
change to '(Go to) next forum'. This is a suggestion from NiKom and by just
pressing return NiKom will take you to the next forum with unread texts. 
Now the prompt will change to '(Read) next text'. By just pressing return
now, the next unread text will be displayed. If this text has any comments,
their number and the user that wrote them will be shown. The prompt will
change to '(Read) next comment'. Comments to a text will be shown following
their parent even if they are newer than other texts in the forum.

This way you can step through all unread texts by just keep pressing return.
If you want to comment on a text you just read, just give the command
'COMMENT'. Comment always comments the last read text. If you want to 
comment on another text, you can give the text number as an argument. For
example: 'COMMENT 45'. You can also give a personal comment on a text
which will only be sent to the author of the original text, this is done
by using the command 'PERSONAL'.
When commenting on a text you will encounter the text editor. For basic
operation you simply type your text and save it with Ctrl-Z, to throw the
text away - press Ctrl-C. For more information about the text editor, use 
the 'INFO'-command.

To write a completely new text, first go to the correct forum with the
'GO <Forum>'-command. To check which forum you're currently in, use the
'WHERE'-command. When you are sure you are in the correct forum, simply use
the 'WRITE' command. First you get to write the subject for your text, then
you get to use the editor as normal. 

If you have many unread texts in a forum and don't want to read them all, 
you can use the command 'ONLY <Number>' where <Number> is the amount of
texts you want to read. If <Number> is bigger than the amount of texts in
the forum all texts will be marked as unread.

Other useful commands
---------------------
List Commands    -  Lists all commands
Page             -  Page the sysop
Skip             -  Skip all comments to a text
Mail <user>      -  Send a mail to the user
Logout           -  Log out of the BBS
Info             -  Display various informational texts

To pause output, press space.
